Welcome back all.
So today we're going to go ahead and take a look at the decorator at output.
It's a bit of a there isn't that much code that we actually need to write but there was a lot that we
need to explain which is a little bit kind of counter intuitive I guess.
Anyway go into the account list that component dot TS and I am going to write this out.
But before we do that let's just go ahead and copy this.
So just select this and press control X to cut it out completely and then go into the app component.
TS and we're going to paste it here.
It just label it there.
Why did we do this.
Well as we stated in a previous tutorials we do not want the account list that component has to be a
worry to be able to do any sort of part of fixations to our accounts.
We only wanted to be able to display things we don't wanted to perform any sort of pontifications.
We want a different component to be in charge of modifications and deleting something falls into the
line of it falls under the modifications.
This is perhaps not so important now but later on when we actually conduct these sort of operations
on the server and in the database it will be important because aside from I mean here I just go back
to the app component.
Yes you see disparate in real world you wouldn't be able to use just this method because if you want
to delete something from a server from a database which doesn't necessarily need to be on the same machine
and usually is not on the same machine where your web server is you need to perform a certain logic
here like you.
Most likely you will have something like a try catch block so it will attempt to connect to the server
or the database.
It will attempt to access what it needs to delete and it will try to find it and then it will try to
delete it.
It might succeed.
It might not succeed if you ask me why it might not succeed.
There like a good amount of reasons why it wouldn't be.
Why why why the deletion can fail.
Therefore we will be implementing a logic later on down the down the road for deletion.
So you will need to attempt to delete it and you will need some sort of method of informing yourself
or the client if the deletion process has failed to happen for whatever reason.
So that's why we're removing it from the account start component.
Yes.
That is only used for displaying information onto the screen.
We don't want we don't have we don't really have any.
What defecation logic here.
So to say anyway enough about that.
We only needed to move data here and press control as to save it.
Now we're going to go back to the account.
Why is that.
Or what.
OK.
For some strange reason it's orange.
It's pretty early in the morning it's something stupid I can't think how it was.
I can't think why.
But doesn't it.
It's not important to anyway in the account list here.
We're not in the demo accounts list.
Yes.
Where I am now but I'm looking at my notes.
We're going to need to include a few more things here.
The very first thing that we're going to include in addition to input will be output.
And in addition to the output we will also include event emitter so event emitter.
If you don't know what event emitter is that's fine but try to figure it out just by reading the name
it it emits an event.
Hence it is called an event emitter.
Anyway I will explain that in more detail down the road.
So all I'm going to go ahead and type this out as I don't really have a lot of it to do.
I just need to it's a very sure as I said not a lot of code but a lot of talking in this one
output.
And then we're going to do as before but this one shall be named the elite and do it well let me just
write it out and then I'll explain it and emitter.
Number Wow.
So was this reaching a new level of low with typing.
OK so the first thing you notice is the DS to look hilariously alike like one another.
Well this this first part does.
Anyway the second part is something completely different.
If I just do give you a heads up if this does not exist if this is not here if I did not specify that
it is delete it will still work it will still be delete.
It will take this as the default name.
OK.
So let's take it from left to right output at output.
First of all is the decorator just like an input is and same thing as with input it.
It also adds additional characteristics to the variable.
So you have a variable which is delete the name of the variable is delete and you have the decorator
output which adds additional characteristics to the variable delete.
It basically states that the delete variable the one that I'm selecting now is an output variable.
What does this mean.
Well it means that the parent components or in our case the parent component is apt or component Datti
as the painfully orange one mysteriously where one should I say can subscribe to this variable so the
parent component can subscribe to this variable.
So just like with mouseover mouse click events etc..
It functions in pretty much the same way.
We're simply specifying what will occur if that event occurs.
So what does it mean to subscribe or to perform such things.
Well if an app component TS is subscribed to the it's basically here to this to this event.
What will happen to this variable sorry.
What will happen is that when a certain event occurs and we will see how the logic unfolds a little
bit later on when a certain event occurs all those who are subscribed to this variable will be informed
that that event has happened.
And in addition to that we will be able to pass certain values as well.
And here we have it says new event emitter and then number so new is a keyword that we use to create
a new instance of a class event emitter is basically a class that makes this logic work.
Now the logic behind this the logic that we're trying to create here is the logic of subscription and
event event passing.
Basically it functions like this.
Just imagine that our app comput and up to us is let's say an individual A and that we perhaps have
more individuals like those.
A group of them or just one it doesn't matter.
So basically with this logic we are enabling a group or an individual component or other or other things
that we can plug in here like services and that's why I suggest individual a basically to subscribe
to the event emitter class and then the event emitter class can inform them that a certain event has
occurred.
Now you have in addition to this right here it says a number.
Now this means that the information emitted or delegated by this event will be of type number
basically since we're deleting something we need to say what we are deleting and we are defining that
with the number.
Basically a final thing before I actually come back to output I can go into the other files where I
show you how we inter-linked this logic together we will need to create a method.
So private underly move
index.
And we're going to be so kind as to create this this thought
delete and read
index.
And there we go case for some strange reason.
It's in its index.
Let me just see where that makes your.
I think I need to please a number or something.
Yep there we go.
It is a number.
So just this small error here anyway when you press delete button from here from the web site when you
press a delete button this method will be called.
So when this method is called It will perform this logic here.
It will say OK current instance delete delete is referring to this and then it says Emmett Emmett.
And then in addition to that it gives an index as well which basically is the index number of the account
so it will admit this and to everything that is subscribed to this variable in our particular case since
the app can put it out has will be subscribed to this variable it will receive the index and it will
receive info that this event has occurred and then it will act based upon that notification.
That's the same thing same logic would be.
I know it's a little bit difficult to understand but you can look at and can look at it this way the
same logic could be applied to a YouTube subscription.
If you go on to YouTube if you subscribe you can have one subscriber we can have 10000 subscribers on
an a channel.
And then when somebody uploads a new video on that channel they all get informed and then they perform
a certain action based upon the information that they've received.
OK somebody there.
Did you get a notification.
Hey this guy that you're subscribed to has upload the new video so you decide OK do I want to watch
it or do I want to unsubscribe or do I want to.
I don't know whatever.
Basically it doesn't matter.
But you get the logic you are the component will subscribe to and then the component will be informed
when the event occurs and it will receive some additional information.
And then we will see the logic that we will implement.
How will this be actually handled.
I will get back to you in the follow to Tauriel as I am running a little bit short in terms of time
and we will move on right from where we left off.